# M814-16K-Tyrrell
Team work repository for M814 2016K presentation - Sebastian Tyrrell tutor group

### TMA03/Q2a FR Discussion [1900 GMT 13 Mar 17]
The Google Hangouts discussion link is [here](https://hangouts.google.com/call/hapf3mtftvculd26urpr5vsk54e).

The aim of this discussion is:
* To reach consensus on the WIMS functional requirements set.
* To remove duplicates by consensus.
* To amend ambiguous wording.

The proposed format is:

1. Work through requirements in ascending numerical order. So please come prepared to propose duplicates.
2. Spend no more than 5 minutes discussing each.
3. If consensus does not emerge naturally, then a vote will resolve conflicts. In the event of a tie, the requirement will remain in the specification.
4. Once all requirements have been reviewed, duplicates removed, and amendments made, the requirements will be merged with the master branch.

#### Discussion Notes
1. David Jakes, Tony Cornwall, Gavin Sore and Tim Holmes-Mitra.
2. Removed 007 as a duplicate of 012.
3. Amended 010 description and rationale
4. Removed 011 due to its ambiguous wording
5. Removed 026 as a duplicate of 013.
6. Amended 014 description since 'unique' implied a technology
7. Removed 018 since it was not atomic and too ambiguous
8. Amended 019 since it was not an atomic requirement.
9. Removed since it will be part of the adjacent system.
10. Removed 034 since it is out of scope and would be handled by the adjacent accounting system.

### TMA03/Q2a FR Individual Assignment
- David Jakes: 012
- Gavin Sore:
- Tony Cornwall: 032
- Tim Holmes-Mitra : 020
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
- [Name] : [REQ-ID]
